# Generation Z

  Generation Z is my personal exploration of generative music, written as a final project for MUS 409. In its original form, this piece was a soundscape texture written entirely in SuperCollider. Using wide vibrato, pure tones, and small sound effects, I searched for a homogenous and ever-changing sound. As I picked this project back up, I decided to set a goal to avoid using a DAW for any post-processing. I wanted to create a system that allows for a unique setting each time it is run. The magic of generative music stems from its inherent fragility. You are given a unique experience that will only happen once. 
	My peers and I face struggles unique to our generation daily. We grew up with the internet and many other technologies, accustomed to their quick changes and unexpected growth. We face challenges that are spawned out of the blue and are forced to adapt to them. Generation Z is my attempt to reconcile this, forcing myself to adapt to unpredictable situations and reminding myself not to get lost in the infinite flow of human knowledge. Life will happen once, so don’t get caught up on the things that don’t matter.
	As it currently stands, the code used to generate this piece is disorganized and difficult to scale. I plan to continue cleaning up the codebase and to refine some aspects of this composition over time. Some elements of this piece are especially rough around the edges, such as transitions and variations within each section. To download the code and track my progress addressing these problems, keep an eye on this repository.


To run this, download and unzip this repository. Open init.scd in SuperCollider and run the block within.
